Fix broken links (#10844)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/microservices-architecture/net-core-net-framework-containers/net-framework-container-scenarios.md

## Using third-party .NET libraries or NuGet packages not available for .NET Core

> Third-party libraries are quickly embracing the [.NET Standard](../../net-standard.md), which enables code sharing across all .NET flavors, including .NET Core. With the .NET Standard Library 2.0 and beyond the API surface compatibility across different frameworks has become significantly larger and in .NET Core 2.x applications can also directly reference existing .NET Framework libraries (see [compat shim](https://github.com/dotnet/standard/blob/master/docs/planning/netstandard-2.0/README.md#net-framework-461-supporting-net-standard-20)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third-party libraries are quickly embracing the [.NET Standard](../../net-standard.md), which enables code sharing across all .NET flavors, including .NET Core. With the .NET Standard Library 2.0 and beyond the API surface compatibility across different frameworks has become significantly larger and in .NET Core 2.x applications can also directly reference existing .NET Framework libraries (see [.NET Framework 4.6.1 supporting .NET Standard 2.0](https://github.com/dotnet/standard/blob/master/docs/planning/netstandard-2.0/README.md#net-framework-461-supporting-net-standard-20)).
```
